---
layout: "page"
title: Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy explains how Boonjae ("we," "us," or "our") collects, uses, and shares your information and ensures compliance with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other common regulations.

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

* Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

* Application refers to Boonjae, the software program provided by the Company.

* Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Boonjae.

* Country refers to: Maryland, United States

* Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

* Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* Service refers to the Application.

* Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Types of Data Collected
#### Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

* Email address

* Usage Data

We require email addresses for login purposes only. User email addresses are not visible to other users. We also require a nickname, which does not have to be your real name.

#### Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

#### Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:

* Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.

You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.

#### Your Activity and Information You Provide

On Boonjae, you can engage in various activities such as sharing photos and videos of your habits. We collect the following information related to your activities:

- Content you create, including photos and videos
- Information about your habits, such as scheduled completion days
- Your nickname

#### Friends

We track your connections with other users to display their posts on your feed.

#### App and Device Information

We do not store device IP addresses directly, but please note that this information is utilized by Google AdMob, our advertising partner.



### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

* To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

* To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

* For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

* To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

* To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.

* To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

* For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

* For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

* With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
* For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
* With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
* With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
* With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
* With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

### Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data
#### Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

#### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability
#### Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 17. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 17. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 17 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. 

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.




## Data Handling

### Do We Sell Your Information?

We NEVER sell your information to any third parties.

### Third Parties

Our primary source of revenue is advertisements, and we use Google AdMob for this purpose. Google AdMob collects certain information, as outlined in their privacy policy [here](https://developers.google.com/admob/android/privacy/play-data-disclosure). We ensure that any third party we share user data with provides equal protection as stated in this privacy policy.

All user data collected by Google AdMob is encrypted in transit using the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.

By default, Google AdMob collects information about:

* Your device’s IP address - Which may be used to estimate the general location of a device
* User product interactions - Collects user product interactions and interaction information, including app launch, taps, and video views.
* Diagnostic information - Collects information related to the performance of your app and the SDK, including crash logs, app launch time, hang rate, and energy usage.
* Device and Account identifiers - Collects Android advertising (ad) ID, app set ID, and, if applicable, other identifiers related to signed-in accounts on the device.

While Google AdMob collects information, we do not store any of this information on our servers.

## Data Storage

We utilize Google's Firebase as our cloud provider. For information on Privacy and Security in Firebase, please refer to [Google Firebase Privacy](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy).

Google Firebase encrypts data in transit and encrypts data at rest.

## User Rights

### Update Your Consent (GDPR Users Only)

If you fall under the GDPR jurisdiction, you can update your consent preferences by clicking on the ellipses on your profile page and navigating to your settings.

### Delete Your Information

To delete your account and associated information, please navigate to your settings and select the "Delete Account" option.

### Download Your Information

For a JSON file containing your information, please email us at [boonjae.help@gmail.com](mailto:boonjae.help@gmail.com).





## Cookie Policy for Boonjae
This is the Cookie Policy for Boonjae, accessible from https://soccerbro421.github.io/boonjae-website/privacy_policy.html

### What Are Cookies

As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.

### How We Use Cookies

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

### Disabling Cookies

You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. This Cookies Policy was created with the help of the Cookies Policy Generator.


### Third Party Cookies

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.

* This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.

    * For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.

* The Google AdMob service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.

    * For more information on Google AdMob see the official Google AdMob privacy FAQ.

### More Information

Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.

For more general information on cookies, please read the Cookies Policy article.

However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:

Email: boonjae.help@gmail.com








We are committed to protecting your privacy and continuously reviewing and updating our practices to ensure compliance with applicable data protection laws.







Last Updated: 2-24-2024
